[move reference] Add references to Sui (#16785)
MystenLabs/sui: external-crates/move/documentation/book/src/primitive-types/references.md

This might be surprising for programmers familiar with Rust's ownership system, which would reject
the code above. Move's type system is more permissive in its treatment of
[copies](../variables.md#move-and-copy), but equally strict in ensuring unique ownership of mutable
references before writes.

### References Cannot Be Stored

References and tuples are the _only_ types that cannot be stored as a field value of structs, which
also means that they cannot exist in storage or [objects](../abilities/object.md). All references
created during program execution will be destroyed when a Move program terminates; they are entirely

> ephemeral. This invariant is also true for values of types without the `store`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ephemeral. This also applies to all types without the `store` ability: any value of a non-`store` type will be destroyed when the program terminates.
```

Author: ```suggestion
ephemeral. This also applies to all types without the `store` ability: any value of a non-`store` type must be destroyed before the program terminates.
```
